Caleb b auth context ga (#18214)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/v1.0/api/authenticationcontextclassreference-delete.md

|:--------------------------------------|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account)     | Policy.Read.ConditionalAccess |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported. |
|Application                            | Policy.Read.ConditionalAccess |

## HTTP request

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
DELETE /identity/conditionalAccess/authenticationContextClassReferences/{id}
```

## Request headers

| Name      |Description|
|:----------|:----------|
| Authorization | Bearer {token}. Required. |

## Request body

Do not supply a request body for this method.

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `204 No Content` response code. It does not return anything in the response body.
This method will return a `403 Forbidden` error code when deleting a published authenticationContextClassReference (where **isAvailable** is set to `true`). If authenticationContextClassReference, though unpublished, is used by any Conditional Access policy, this method will return a `400 Bad Request` error code.

## Examples

### Request

The following is an example of the request.

> # [HTTP](#tab/http)

Reviewer: Will be added by the snippets generator
```suggestion
```

---
title: "Delete authenticationContextClassReference"

> description: "Delete an authenticationContextClassReference object."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Delete an authenticationContextClassReference object that's not published or used by a conditional access policy."
```

ms.localizationpriority: medium
author: "calebb"
ms.prod: "identity-and-sign-in"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Delete authenticationContextClassReference

Namespace: microsoft.graph

> Delete an [authenticationContextClassReference](../resources/authenticationcontextclassreference.md) object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Delete an [authenticationContextClassReference](../resources/authenticationcontextclassreference.md) object that's not published or used by a conditional access policy.
```

## Permissions

One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type                        | Permissions (from least to most privileged)                                       |
|:--------------------------------------|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account)     | Policy.Read.ConditionalAccess |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported. |
|Application                            | Policy.Read.ConditionalAccess |

## HTTP request

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
DELETE /identity/conditionalAccess/authenticationContextClassReferences/{id}
```

> ## Optional query parameters
> 
> This method does not support optional query parameters to customize the response.

Reviewer: Section N/A to DELETE operations
```suggestion
```

## Request headers

| Name      |Description|
|:----------|:----------|
| Authorization | Bearer {token} |

## Request body

Do not supply a request body for this method.

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `204 No Content` response code. It does not return anything in the response body.

> This method will return an error when deleting a published authenticationContextClassReference. A published authenticationContextClassReference has has the property isAvailable is set to true. The error returned will be `403 Forbidden` response code. If authenticationContextClassReference is used by any Conditional Access policy a `200 Bad Request` will be returned.  This helps prevent an authenticationContextClassReference from being deleted, that may still be in use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method will return a `403 Forbidden` error code when deleting a published authenticationContextClassReference (where **isAvailable** is set to `true`). If authenticationContextClassReference, though unpublished, is used by any Conditional Access policy, this method will return a `400 Bad Request` error code.
```

## Examples

### Request

The following is an example of the request.

> # [HTTP](#tab/http)

Reviewer: Add HTTP block after the HTML comment block below
```suggestion
```

<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "delete_authenticationcontextclassreference"
}-->

### Response

The following is an example of the response.

> > **Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability. All the properties will be returned from an actual call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
